README.md, before:

Ahshkl
======

Pythonic procedurally-generated object-based text-based adventure game.

About
=====
I started this project when I wanted to kill a monster in a video game by pouring cement in it's mouth.

The game is created by basic shapes called body parts combining to make more complex shapes, and so on, to make functional objects that are used in creatures/props which are used in creating scenes which progress Zork-like.

Source Code Jargon
==================
Bopa: Body Part(s)

Tege: Terrain Generation

Obje: Object(s)

Bacl: Base Class

Disu: Direct Subclasses

Atma: Attribute: Material

T2, 3, etc.: Tier 2, 3, etc.

Changelog
=========
AHSHKL 0.0.1.1:
Re-done how bopas work, re-done create command

AHSHKL 0.0.1.0:
Re-done interface

AHSHKL 0.0.0.7:
Initial sarting framework of atmas

AHSHKL 0.0.0.6.5:
Great improvements overall, start adding in atma, added debug function in debug interface

AHSHKL 0.0.0.6:
Changed how the bopas file is built, made fancy help function.

AHSHKL 0.0.0.5:
Minor fixes, start work on sentence parser. Exception handling.

AHSHKL 0.0.0.4:
Added organization, moved files

AHSHKL 0.0.0.3:
Added basic shape bodyparts

AHSHKL 0.0.0.1:
Removed nonfunctional code

AHSHKL 0.0.0:
Made code that was unelegant and broken.

Planned Features
================
Game

Recipes

More attributes

Terrain generation



Credits
=======
Sebastian W.: Creator, main coder, maintainer, director

Commit message:

Tiny README change, read desc.
One more note: The Switch is in it's awkward stage right now, and
nothing works.

README.md, after:

Ahshkl
======

Pythonic procedurally-generated object-based text-based adventure game.

About
=====
I started this project when I wanted to kill a monster in a video game by pouring cement in it's mouth.

The game is created by basic shapes called body parts combining to make more complex shapes, and so on, to make functional objects that are used in creatures/props which are used in creating scenes which progress Zork-like.

NEWS
====
Going through a huge change right now in Ahshkl, hereforth referred to as The Switch. The Switch is going to completely change how the command system works, at least back-end. The average user won't find anything different except severely limited/no command system during The Switch. Back-end however, I am adding in capability for mods better and completely changing how commands work.

Source Code Jargon
==================
Bopa: Body Part(s)

Tege: Terrain Generation

Obje: Object(s)

Bacl: Base Class

Disu: Direct Subclasses

Atma: Attribute: Material

T2, 3, etc.: Tier 2, 3, etc.

Changelog
=========
AHSHKL 0.0.1.5:
The Switch commencing. Expect limited/no commands until 0.0.2.0

AHSHKL 0.0.1.2:
Re-done how bopas work, re-done create command

AHSHKL 0.0.1.0:
Re-done interface

AHSHKL 0.0.0.7:
Initial sarting framework of atmas

AHSHKL 0.0.0.6.5:
Great improvements overall, start adding in atma, added debug function in debug interface

AHSHKL 0.0.0.6:
Changed how the bopas file is built, made fancy help function.

AHSHKL 0.0.0.5:
Minor fixes, start work on sentence parser. Exception handling.

AHSHKL 0.0.0.4:
Added organization, moved files

AHSHKL 0.0.0.3:
Added basic shape bodyparts

AHSHKL 0.0.0.1:
Removed nonfunctional code

AHSHKL 0.0.0:
Made code that was unelegant and broken.

Planned Features
================
Game

Recipes

More attributes

Terrain generation



Credits
=======
Sebastian W.: Creator, main coder, maintainer, director
